Privacy policy for the use of Google Analytics

This app uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. "("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the app. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the app is generally transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. However, if IP anonymisation is activated on this app, Google will previously shorten your IP address within member states of the European Union or in other signatory states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.

Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this app, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the app, compile reports on app activity and provide other services to the app operator in connection with app usage and internet usage. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics is not combined with other data from Google.


Security

The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.


Changes To This Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy is effective as of 14.09.2018 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.

We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.

If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.



Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at contact@screen-play.app
